c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.exe.config
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.exe
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.pdb
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Form1.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.exe
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.pdb
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.clients.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\Database1.sdf
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.providers.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.products.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.billclient.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.about.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.billproviders.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.history.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.settings.resources
c:\users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.dashboard.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Login.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.addbillclient.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.showbillclient.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.showbillprovider.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.addbillprovider.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.worker.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.tresure.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.retirer.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Lcaisse.resources
C:\Users\adel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.settingcaisse.resources
